here we are at the Diamond Resorts Grand
Beach Hotel in Orlando Florida we just
got here
you check out this condo that the guests
gave to us our customer really liked us
apparently let me show you the room this
is our master bedroom this is the bed we
just got here this is our TV ceiling fan
check out this tub this is our tub in
our bedroom and our sink and we've got a
shower here very nice bathroom and a
walk-in closet
and here's oven hunters bedroom say hey
their bedroom their own TV over here
yeah we have kids bathroom shower and
then we have the kitchen with the girls
in Hunter say hey
I am this is our visa work and we're
pretty high we're about four four we
can't see from here
this is our screened-in porch and our
French doors our kitchen and this is the
girls master bedroom and their TV and
they have a nice big tub and a nice Inc
with other stuff and they have their own
shower glass shower and their own
bathroom and their own large closet and
there's Kinsey again check out the
kitchen
this is our kitchen coffee maker oh and
they gave us Starbucks
Linder toaster can opener all this they
hooked us up with dishes and all that
stuff dishwasher has a washer and dryer
in the closet one more sweep one more
review of the girls and that's it
goodbye